---
layout: post
title:  "Risk: Not Just a Board Game"
date:   2016-05-03 
---

This past Friday I had the opportunity to attend Creative Mornings in downtown Austin. Since then, I’ve had time to reflect on what I learned.

First of all, so much fun. To be honest, they had me committed when they spoke of coffee and breakfast tacos. Fuel and sustenance, gets me every time.

Not to mention, the opportunity to connect with others in the Austin community was insanely valuable. Many had heard of The Iron Yard and of other coding bootcamps in the city (MakerSquare, General Assembly, etc.) and were eager to hear about the process we go through. It was also nice to be provided words of encouragement and validation by some peers in the Austin area.

After hearing some great music by [Uncle Lucius](http://www.uncleluciusmusic.com/) we were welcomed by the team, and then broke out into two groups.

The fun twist that the Creative Mornings team offered this particular Friday was that after we broke into groups of two we did not know who our speaker was going to be. Henceforth, we were taking a risk. A risk not knowing who we would be listening too, and that we would have to have some faith in the team for providing us a great speaker, no matter who they were.

I was lucky. I got the pleasure of hearing the personal story of [Amelia Torres](http://www.shapingsapiens.com/).

Amelia did a wonderful job of telling us her personal devotional, being very open with us about her struggles with depression and her subsequent trips through South America and the United States.

Just as we had taken a risk in not knowing who our guest speaker was going to be (albeit a small one), Amelia told us a gripping story of her past experiences in taking risks as well (much bigger ones).

She and a friend decided to take a trip along the cities and roads of South America in an old, beat down van. A van which would break down multiple times, require maintenance, and then conk out again somewhere down the road. Upon her return to Austin, she knew she had to “keep going.” And so she left her job, sold many of the things she owned, and began a long trip in her car all across the United States. So much inspiration.

*Holy Cow that’s awesome.*

After leaving, the wheels in my brain started turning. Mostly powered by too much complimentary coffee and perhaps a tinge of jealousy, I started wondering if I should take more risks in my life, like Amelia.

*But wait, what about coding? What about design and web development? What about Iron Yard?*

Turns out, after some reflection, I am currently in the middle of a huge risk. After leaving my past careers in church and real estate, I decided to pursue a career in this thing called UI/UX Design. I applied and enrolled at Iron Yard. I left my home in Dallas and re-located to Austin for three months. I have to commute an hour and a half each day to class (both ways). My wife is back home.

*Yeah….kind of a big risk.*

I’m not pulling in any income at all during this time, and I am away from my wife. Yes, these past few months have been difficult. But even among the hardship, it has been great at the same time. I have become a web designer, and am growing more and more confident in my abilities each and every single day. I made new friends and connections since coming down here. I’m getting to work in Austin (kind of a cool city). And of course, there is the career as a web designer awaiting for me on the horizon. Yes I took a big risk, but man a lot of awesome things have happened already…and will continue to do so.

No risk no reward, right?